

1.0.12  bug fixes , library return value review, 

    * no new functionality!!!
    * more example code in library docs (pulldoc gen)
    * remove deprecated features and options (startup options, dead code, unused funcs)

1.0.11  fixes and evaluator updates

        DONE:
        add unary op: ^a
            this will effectively be our pointer type
            when encountered on r.h.s it will eval to a string "fs.varname" of var a
            when assigned it will be stored as the IValue of p in p=^a ("fsid.a")
            when evaluated p will return its own IValue

        DONE:
        add unary op: *p
            when evaluated *p will return the content of a by dereferencing the IValue.
            on the l.h.s *p will assign to the referenced var a.

        DONE:
        add l.h.s. deref of *p for assigning indirectly... in doAssign()

        DONE:
        add pointer as a valid field type in structures
            see eg/pointers
            not much to this.. just added ^ as a field type (underlying type is []string)

        TODO:
        testing... more than the cursory stuff i did already!

        NOT DOING:
            any kind of pointer arithmetic

        need a way to clean up dangling pointers? without it, fs.varname can potentially clash
        under the scheme above. it's pretty damned unlikely as 'fs' contains the name of the 
        function of locality plus a unique id of at least 31 bits in length. i would imagine that
        you would need a fast running recursive call (or plain bad luck) to have a chance of
        clashing, but this interpreter is never going to go that fast.

        it will probably be enough to make sure we exit with an appropriate error if an attempt is
        made to access the pointer content when the underlying variable has gone away.

        speed is not a design goal for pointers, just the ability to mimic an unusual structure
        when absolutely necessary. however, will review at some point as a clash is a possibility,
        even if it is, in theory, very unlikely.


1.0.10  new evaluator + VAR enforcement

1.0.9   BSD port, STRUCT support, lower-level filing operations.
        bug fixes and documentation updates


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LATER
-----

* windows keypress() (getch function):

    * working now, but modifier keys (shift, ctrl, etc) all throw a keypress into 
        the input buffer, effectively triggering the Read. This leaves the go routine
        hanging pending the second part of the keypress even after the timeout value
        has been exceeded.

    * it's not a big issue, but could do with a workaround. seems to be part of the 
        way that ReadConsoleInput and PeekConsoleInput work in Windows. 

    * still some timing issues to deal with. key debounce seems to be around 50-100ms minimum on windows.
        this affects keypress use with a timeout specified, as a timeout may occur before key up and debounce complete.

        * we either need to figure a way to make it wait patiently and report lag or put stricter limits in place.


UNDECIDED
---------

* WHEN...ENDWHEN
    * multiple options in IS?
    * fall-through? veering towards "no" for this.

* ultimately, change interactive mode to use readline or similar with better utf-8 support.
    * as usual, really low priority on this. i only wanted it for £ symbols!


