
setglob s= `00 English: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
01 Jamaican: Chruu, a kwik di kwik brong fox a jomp huova di liezi daag de, yu no siit?
02 Irish: "An ḃfuil do ċroí ag bualaḋ ó ḟaitíos an ġrá a ṁeall lena ṗóg éada ó ṡlí do leasa ṫú?" "D'ḟuascail Íosa Úrṁac na hÓiġe Beannaiṫe pór Éava agus Áḋaiṁ."
03 Dutch: Pa's wĳze lynx bezag vroom het fikse aquaduct.
04 German: Falsches Üben von Xylophonmusik quält jeden größeren Zwerg.
05 German: Im finſteren Jagdſchloß am offenen Felsquellwaſſer patzte der affig-flatterhafte kauzig-höf‌liche Bäcker über ſeinem verſifften kniffligen C-Xylophon.
06 Norwegian: Blåbærsyltetøy ("blueberry jam", includes every extra letter used in Norwegian).
07 Danish: Høj bly gom vandt fræk sexquiz på wc.
08 Swedish: Flygande bäckasiner söka strax hwila på mjuka tuvor.
09 Icelandic: Sævör grét áðan því úlpan var ónýt.
10 Finnish: Törkylempijävongahdus (This is a perfect pangram, every letter appears only once. Translating it is an art on its own, but I'll say "rude lover's yelp". :-D)
11 Finnish: Albert osti fagotin ja töräytti puhkuvan melodian. (Albert bought a bassoon and hooted an impressive melody.)
12 Finnish: On sangen hauskaa, että polkupyörä on maanteiden jokapäiväinen ilmiö. (It's pleasantly amusing, that the bicycle is an everyday sight on the roads.)
13 Polish: Pchnąć w tę łódź jeża lub osiem skrzyń fig.
14 Czech: Příliš žluťoučký kůň úpěl ďábelské kódy.
15 Slovak: Starý kôň na hŕbe kníh žuje tíško povädnuté ruže, na stĺpe sa ďateľ učí kvákať novú ódu o živote.
16 Greek (monotonic): ξεσκεπάζω την ψυχοφθόρα βδελυγμία
17 Greek (polytonic): ξεσκεπάζω τὴν ψυχοφθόρα βδελυγμία
18 Russian: Съешь же ещё этих мягких французских булок да выпей чаю.
19 Russian: В чащах юга жил-был цитрус? Да, но фальшивый экземпляр! ёъ.
20 Bulgarian: Жълтата дюля беше щастлива, че пухът, който цъфна, замръзна като гьон.
21 Sami (Northern): Vuol Ruoŧa geđggiid leat máŋga luosa ja čuovžža.
22 Hungarian: Árvíztűrő tükörfúrógép.
23 Spanish: El pingüino Wenceslao hizo kilómetros bajo exhaustiva lluvia y frío, añoraba a su querido cachorro.
24 Portuguese: O próximo vôo à noite sobre o Atlântico, põe freqüentemente o único médico.
25 French: Les naïfs ægithales hâtifs pondant à Noël où il gèle sont sûrs d'être déçus en voyant leurs drôles d'œufs abîmés.
26 Esperanto: Eĥoŝanĝo ĉiuĵaŭde.
27 Hebrew: זה כיף סתם לשמוע איך תנצח קרפד עץ טוב בגן.
28 Japanese (Hiragana):
29 いろはにほへど　ちりぬるを
30 わがよたれぞ　つねならむ
31 うゐのおくやま　けふこえて
32 あさきゆめみじ　ゑひもせず`

